Yeah, mom.
He dared to break into Brother Sifang's room today
You will break into my room tomorrow
What's more, he's so old
Just a useless person who eats salty rice
Somebody kick him out of Luo's house for me
No, I watched you grow up
Uh, I know I was wrong about you.
Just let it go this time
What are you all staring at?
Kick him out of the Luo family for me
Ma'am, I heard
Brother brother
I have a nanny for your daughter.
Excuse me madam
My Luo family is celebrating its 20th anniversary
You can't just throw me out and leave me behind
Our big head woman
It's getting late, Xiaoqing
Go back and rest.
Brother Sifeng
I want to sleep with you tonight.
What are you still doing here?
Get out of here!
Yes
Let go of me
waiter waiter
Hey
Come back to me
What are you guys doing?
Take my responsibility and leave it clean now
It's hard to say the taste of carrying the younger brother out